Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
PHASE 1
EAGLE EYE SANCTUARY
TRANSFER RECEIPT OF FUNDS
TRANSFER AMOUNT: $15.000.000
13 TRUCKS BURNED
Sayen. accused of terrorism
and murder. remains at large.
Footage captured today
reveals the presence of the fugitive
in Atacama. Northern Chile.
SAYEN: DESERT ROAD
MÁXIMO TORRES
CEO OF ACTEON MINERAL GROUP
And why do you want to be a warrior?
This belongs to us!
Grandma.
My dearly departed grandmother.
ATACAMA WE CELEBRATE LA CANDELARIA
FESTIVAL SAN PEDRO DE ATACAMA
HIS WHEREABOUTS ARE UNKNOWN
TEO BYKOV IS STILL MISSING
CHIP
PRE-PAID 4G
JOSÉ
VIDEO CALL
Yes. I'm fine.
What are you doing in Acteon?
Everyone knows. It was on the news.
Isn't there another way to get the info?
Right. that's why you ventured
into the lion's den.
You're shooting in the dark.
They killed my grandma.
And they can do the same to you.
You're being reckless.
I'll go talk to your dad.
see if he can help us out.
He was a leader too.
You are not alone.
You need wise people.
ROAD OF THE DESERT
TOCONAO BRIDGE YALI
RURAL SCHOOL
COMMUNITY OF YALI
SAYEN COÑUEPAN SEEN IN ATACAMA
Sayen... is in danger.
And it's getting worse.
The mining company is very powerful.
Just like they had bribed the governor.
they must've bribed many more people.
You have contacts.
There must be someone outside.
Someone who can expose
the information we have.
She is your daughter.
She's a warrior like you!
Her fight was your fight.
The fight of your people. They need you.
What happened to you?
They're all dead.
What did they accomplish?
Nothing changed.
I'd rather see my daughter
locked up than dead.
SET WATER FREE
FOR LIFE
TRANSFER RECEIPT
$15.000.000
ACTEON STEALS OUR WATER
Let's go. let's go
To the big. big house
Let's go. let's go. let's go
Let's go. let's go. Lord
To the big. big house
Sayen?
Is that you?
Sayen...
Don't be afraid.
You are a warrior.
And your energy is the mightiest
in the whole forest.
Sayen?
My child.
The sun has already come out.
and you're still here. idle.
Grandma...
I missed your smell so much.
Don't be sad. I'm here.
I'm so thirsty.
The water is talking to you.
Can't you hear it?
I leave you on your own.
and you've forgotten what I've taught you.
I haven't forgotten.
What are you doing?
You know what you have to do.
Grandma. forgive me.
It was my fault.
Stop looking back.
It's pointless.
It's here and now
that Mother Earth needs you.
- What if I can't help her?
- You will. Trust me.
You stubborn goat.
MÁXIMO TORRES. GREENCORP DIRECTOR
DEVELOPING NEWS
You stubborn goat!
CAMILO SALAZAR
SENATOR FOR THE ATACAMA REGION
WANTED
SAYEN COÑUEPAN
Thank you. brother.
DEDICATED TO THE MEMORY OF MILIO CANESSA